document bundle metadata format troubleshooting (#121)
konflux-ci/docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting/index.adoc

        {auths: .}
    '
----

> == Bundle properties are not permitted in a FBC fragment for OCP version

Reviewer: I assume there will be a way to directly link to this header from our error message?

Related: is there a way to avoid (or at least reduce the chances of accidentally breaking that link (e.g. if we change the header text)?

> Tasks may fail with an error message containing the string `bundle properties are not permitted in a FBC fragment for OCP version`.  This means that your fragment needs to utilize the appropriate FBC bundle metadata format which aligns with your target catalog. Failure to do so will not display your package in the OpenShift WebUI properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tasks may fail with an error message containing the string `bundle properties are not permitted in a FBC fragment for OCP version`.  This means that your fragment needs to utilize the appropriate FBC bundle metadata format which aligns with your target catalog. Failure to do so will result in your package not being displayed in the OpenShift Console.
```

For OCP versions:
- _4.16 or earlier_, bundle metadata must use the `olm.bundle.object` format
- _4.17 or later_, bundle metadata must use the `olm.csv.metadata` format

=== If you use `opm` tooling to generate your fragment

Note: This assumes that opm is version v1.46.0 or later.

If you generate your FBC using catalog template expansion or migration of existing catalogs, then you can choose to use `olm.csv.metadata` format by using the `--migrate-level=bundle-object-to-csv-metadata` flag.  By default, the tool will output `olm.bundle.object` metadata format.

=== If you use other tooling to generate your fragment

If you rely on other tooling/processes to produce your fragment and currently use the `olm.bundle.object` bundle metadata format, then you may either adjust your tooling to align your bundle metadata format with the target OCP version or you may use `opm` to migrate your fragment's bundle metadata by using `opm render --migrate-level=bundle-object-to-csv-metadata [fragment-ref]` (where `fragment-ref` is a pullspec to the fragment or a path to a directory containing the fragment).

> Please note that this process is lossy, so it only works when converting `olm.bundle.object` to `olm.csv.metadata` formats.

Reviewer: > Please note that this process is lossy, so it only works when converting `olm.bundle.object` to `olm.csv.metadata` formats.

I'm having trouble grokking this sentence and understanding how it applies to this section and not the other.

I know that this migration is lossy and how it is lossy, but users probably won't unless we explain the details. Non-CSV object properties are dropped and the CSV property is reduced to what is in the `olm.csv.metadata` API. Maybe we should explain that detail so users can understand the implications of what is being lost? (e.g. if their QE may be depending on `olm.bundle.object` for something)

-
